---
title: Account - 2FA_Cloned
excerpt: ''
deprecated: false
hidden: true
metadata:
  title: ''
  description: ''
  robots: noindex
next:
  description: ''
---
# Introduction

As an added security measure, you can set up Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) while logging in to CleverTap dashboard.

# Set Up Two-Factor Authentication 

To set up 2FA, proceed as follows:

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Profile**.

2. Enable **Two-factor authentication** using the toggle button. After enabling, an email is sent to inform you about this security requirement.
[block:image]
{
  "images": [
    {
      "image": [
        "https://files.readme.io/b9d04d9-Enabling_2FA.png",
        "Enabling 2FA.png",
        2266,
        444,
        "#fbfbfc"
      ],
      "caption": "Enabling 2FA",
      "border": true
    }
  ]
}
[/block]
3. Download the **Google Authenticator** application.
4. Scan the barcode you see on the CleverTap dashboard.

After enabling 2FA, you need to enter your account password and the one-time password generated by the Google Authenticator application each time you try to log in to your CleverTap account.
[block:callout]
{
  "type": "warning",
  "body": "Currently CleverTap supports 2FA via Google Authenticator."
}
[/block]
# Troubleshooting

## **Issue: Two-factor Authentication not Setup Correctly**

### **Action**

To resolve this issue, proceed as follows:

1. Navigate to **Need Help?** > **Create a Support Ticket** from your dashboard to raise this issue with CleverTap support team. An email is sent to share the Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) key, which is used to generate the MFA codes on your device.
[block:image]
{
  "images": [
    {
      "image": [
        "https://files.readme.io/9d5ebe0-Create_a_Support_Ticket.png",
        "Create a Support Ticket.png",
        1026,
        674,
        "#dadbe6"
      ],
      "caption": "Creating a Support Ticket",
      "border": true
    }
  ]
}
[/block]
2. Add the MFA key to Google Authenticator (or any 2FA application). To add the MFA key, proceed as follows:

a. Open the **Google Authenticator** application from your device.
b. Tap **+** and then tap **Enter a setup key**.
c. Enter the following details
   * *Account name*: Name of the account.
   * *Your key*: The secret key (MFA key) provided in the email.

d. Ensure that the *Type of key* selected is **Time based**.
e. Tap **Add**.

The MFA codes can now be generated on your device and can be used to log in to the dashboard.